Add go.mod usage example to front page (#449)
dedis/kyber: README.md

way you should use have a `go.mod` file in the directory where your
main package is.

Using the module
----------------

> Kyber support Go modules, and currently have a major version of 3, which means that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyber supports Go modules, and currently has a major version of 3, which means that
```
